Update uploading_to_cpg.md (#133)
broadinstitute/cellpainting-gallery: documentation/uploading_to_cpg.md

>export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=variable_3
>```
>You can check that these values have been set up correctly win `env | grep AWS`

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This text is already in a NOTE

> >Just copying the generated environmental variables (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`) from the local to the server will not help although `echo $AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` might show the right variable. `export` has to be used as mentioned above (For example - export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=variable_1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Just defining the generated environmental variables (e.g.`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=variable1`) in the server doesn't work even if `echo $AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` shows the right variable. `export` has to be used.
```
